docs: Update the community page (#2251)
groonga/groonga: doc/source/community.rst

There are some places for sharing Groonga information.
We welcome you to join our community.

Chat room
---------

There are chat rooms for discussion about Groonga on Zulip.

https://groonga.zulipchat.com/

Thanks
^^^^^^

> We're using `Zulip's sponsorship for open source projects <https://zulip.com/for/open-source/>`_.

Reviewer: Could you mention that the copyright holder (Kandra Labs, Inc.? https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/d072421f07be8db4e641c612997c3051002e017d/NOTICE#L1 ) and license ( https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/main/LICENSE ) of this image?

It's required: https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/d072421f07be8db4e641c612997c3051002e017d/LICENSE#L90-L129

There are some places for sharing Groonga information.
We welcome you to join our community.

Chat room
---------

> There are chat rooms for discussion about Groonga on Zulip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a chat room for discussion about Groonga on Zulip.
```

https://groonga.zulipchat.com/

Thanks
^^^^^^

We're using `Zulip's sponsorship for open source projects <https://zulip.com/for/open-source/>`_.

|inline-zulip-logo| [#zulip-license]_ `Zulip <https://zulip.com/>`_ is an organized team chat app designed for efficient communication.

.. |inline-zulip-logo| image:: /images/zulip-icon-128x128.png
   :height: 2em
   :target: https://zulip.com/

.. [#zulip-license]
   Copyright 2011-2020 Dropbox, Inc., Kandra Labs, Inc., and contributors

>    (`NOTICE <https://github.com/zulip/zulip/blob/c1c9a2e8ee9373fb224764a2bce46f6c8f92225e/NOTICE>`_\)

Reviewer: Why do we need `\` before `)`?

`_ )` may be better than `_\)`.

Author: It was ok without escaping, so I removed it.
(I got an error during the update, but I think it was caused by something different.)
